DOCSUP-12328: Edit and translate to Russian (update materialize_mysql) (#27139)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/engines/database-engines/materialized-mysql.md

-   `max_rows_in_buffers` — Maximum number of rows that data is allowed to cache in memory (for database and the cache data unable to query). When this number is exceeded, the data will be materialized. Default: `65 505`.
-   `max_bytes_in_buffers` — Maximum number of bytes that data is allowed to cache in memory (for database and the cache data unable to query). When this number is exceeded, the data will be materialized. Default: `1 048 576`.
-   `max_flush_data_time` — Maximum number of milliseconds that data is allowed to cache in memory (for database and the cache data unable to query). When this time is exceeded, the data will be materialized. Default: `1000`.
-   `max_wait_time_when_mysql_unavailable` — Retry interval when MySQL is not available (milliseconds). Negative value disables retry. Default: `1000`.
-   `allows_query_when_mysql_lost` — Allows to query a materialized table when MySQL is lost. Default: `0` (`false`).

```sql
CREATE DATABASE mysql ENGINE = MaterializedMySQL('localhost:3306', 'db', 'user', '***')
     SETTINGS
        allows_query_when_mysql_lost=true,
        max_wait_time_when_mysql_unavailable=10000;
```

**Settings on MySQL-server Side**

> For the correct work of `MaterializeMySQL`, there are few mandatory `MySQL`-side configuration settings that must be set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the correct work of `MaterializedMySQL`, there are few mandatory `MySQL`-side configuration settings that must be set:
```

> - `default_authentication_plugin = mysql_native_password` since `MaterializeMySQL` can only authorize with this method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `default_authentication_plugin = mysql_native_password` since `MaterializedMySQL` can only authorize with this method.
```

> - `gtid_mode = on` since GTID based logging is a mandatory for providing correct `MaterializeMySQL` replication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gtid_mode = on` since GTID based logging is a mandatory for providing correct `MaterializedMySQL` replication.
```

-   `password` — User password.

**Engine Settings**

-   `max_rows_in_buffer` — Max rows that data is allowed to cache in memory (for single table and the cache data unable to query). When rows is exceeded, the data will be materialized. Default: `65 505`.
-   `max_bytes_in_buffer` —  Max bytes that data is allowed to cache in memory (for single table and the cache data unable to query). when rows is exceeded, the data will be materialized. Default: `1 048 576`.

> -   `max_rows_in_buffers` — Max rows that data is allowed to cache in memory (for database and the cache data unable to query). when rows is exceeded, the data will be materialized. Default: `65505`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `max_rows_in_buffers` — Max rows that data is allowed to cache in memory (for database and the cache data unable to query). when rows is exceeded, the data will be materialized. Default: `65 505`.
```

> -   `max_rows_in_buffer` — Max rows that data is allowed to cache in memory (for single table and the cache data unable to query). When rows is exceeded, the data will be materialized. Default: `65 505`.
> -   `max_bytes_in_buffer` —  Max bytes that data is allowed to cache in memory (for single table and the cache data unable to query). when rows is exceeded, the data will be materialized. Default: `1 048 576`.
> -   `max_rows_in_buffers` — Max rows that data is allowed to cache in memory (for database and the cache data unable to query). when rows is exceeded, the data will be materialized. Default: `65505`.
> -   `max_bytes_in_buffers` — Max bytes that data is allowed to cache in memory (for database and the cache data unable to query). when rows is exceeded, the data will be materialized. Default: `1 048 576`.
> -   `max_flush_data_time` — Max milliseconds that data is allowed to cache in memory (for database and the cache data unable to query). when this time is exceeded, the data will be materialized. Default: `1000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `max_rows_in_buffer` — Maximum number of rows that data is allowed to cache in memory (for single table and the cache data unable to query). When this number is exceeded, the data is materialized. Default: `65 505`.
-   `max_bytes_in_buffer` —  Maximum number of bytes that data is allowed to cache in memory (for single table and the cache data unable to query). When this number is exceeded, the data is materialized. Default: `1 048 576`.
-   `max_rows_in_buffers` — Maximum number of rows that data is allowed to cache in memory (for database and the cache data unable to query). When this number is exceeded, the data is materialized. Default: `65 505`.
-   `max_bytes_in_buffers` — Maximum number of bytes that data is allowed to cache in memory (for database and the cache data unable to query). When this number is exceeded, the data is materialized. Default: `1 048 576`.
-   `max_flush_data_time` — Max number of milliseconds that data is allowed to cache in memory (for database and the cache data unable to query). When this time is exceeded, the data is materialized. Default: `1000`.
```

> -   `max_wait_time_when_mysql_unavailable` — Retry interval when MySQL is not available (milliseconds). Negative value disable retry. Default: `1000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `max_wait_time_when_mysql_unavailable` — Retry interval when MySQL is not available (milliseconds). Negative value disables retry. Default: `1000`.
```

> -   `allows_query_when_mysql_lost` — Allow query materialized table when MySql is lost. Default: `0` (`false`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `allows_query_when_mysql_lost` — Allows query materialized table when MySQL is lost. Default: `0` (`false`).
```

```sql
CREATE DATABASE mysql ENGINE = MaterializedMySQL('localhost:3306', 'db', 'user', '***')
     SETTINGS
        allows_query_when_mysql_lost=true,
        max_wait_time_when_mysql_unavailable=10000;
```

> **Settings on Mysql-server Side**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Settings on MySQL-server Side**
```
